docs(website): add guidance for changing staked TTKOe amount in Eldfell L3 provers (#14348)
taikoxyz/taiko-mono: packages/website/pages/docs/guides/run-a-node/enable-a-prover.mdx

2. Set the reward per gas. This is the reward you want to receive in TTKOe. A good value would be close to the current protocol `feePerGas`.
3. Set the capacity you can provide. This is the amount of parallel blocks you can handle within the proof window.

> ### Changing the Staked TTKOe Amount (Only for Eldfell L3 Provers)
> 
> In the event that you have staked TTKOe and made an error in the amount, you can change the staked amount at any time here.
> However, there are some considerations.
> For example, if you've staked 2 TTKOe and want to change the staked amount to 1 TTKOe, the difference of 1 TTKOe will be exited and you will not be able to withdraw it for a week. Be careful when entering the amount.
> 
> <Callout type="warning">
>   Always manually add eight zeros for the decimal '10^8`.
> </Callout>
> 
> Enter an arbitrary number below. Unlike the UI's Amount per Capacity, the entered amount will be directly reflected.
> 
> 8.stake →
> `amount`
> `rewardPerGas (uint32)`
> `maxCapacity (uint32)` (minimum:32)
> 
> In the example above, if you enter 1 in the amount and click Write, the amount will change from 2 to 1, and 1 TTKOe will be exited.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changing the Staked TTKOe Amount (Only for Eldfell L3 Provers)

In the event that you have staked TTKOe and made an error in the amount, you can change the staked amount at any time here. However, there are some considerations.

For example, if you've staked 2 TTKOe and want to change the staked amount to 1 TTKOe, the difference of 1 TTKOe will be exited and you will not be able to withdraw it for a week. Be careful when entering the amount.

<Callout type="warning">
  Always manually add eight zeros for the decimal '10^8`.
</Callout>

Enter the amount you wish to change your stake to for `amount` on the `stake()` function. Unlike the Staking Dashboard's Amount per Capacity, the entered amount will be the total staked amount. You can call the stake function on the ProverPool contract [here](https://explorer.test.taiko.xyz/address/0xC9580414A4372BDdBd8e19e01854DC0B2b1390Cf).

Here are the parameters to set for `stake()`:
- `amount`
- `rewardPerGas (uint32)`
- `maxCapacity (uint32)` (minimum: 32)

In the example above, if you enter 1 in the amount and click Write, the amount will change from 2 to 1, and 1 TTKOe will be exited.

```
